README.md, before:

# United States Inflation Calculator
If you don't have Python, please get it. It not only is a great programming language, and it is required for this program to work. You can download python [here](https://www.python.org/).
This is an open source python inflation calculator for the United States that goes back to 1800 with accurate Goverment Data.
Before you download the program you will need to install the python library "pandas" using a tool called pip, which comes with python. 

### For Windows:
*pip install pandas*

### For Mac:
*pip3 install pandas*

### For Linux:
*sudo apt update && pip3 install pandas*

This is the only library you will need. The inflation data is already added, so it does not need an internet data. This data goes back to the year 1800. I will update it to the each december.

I am currently working on turning it into a .exe file so you can use it without needing Python. 

Downlaod the program from [here](https://github.com/BloYoMind/United-States-Inflation-Calculator/releases/tag/InflationCalculator).

**The Data  is from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. You can find all the data [here.](https://www.minneapolisfed.org/about-us/monetary-policy/inflation-calculator/consumer-price-index-1800-) The Data from 1800 to 1912 is an approximate from the reserve bank.**

Commit message:

Revise README with usage instructions and links
Updated installation instructions and added sections for easy and hard ways to use the program.

README.md, after:

# United States Inflation Calculator
This is an open source python inflation calculator for the United States that goes back to 1800 with accurate Goverment Data.
There are two ways you can use this amazing program: The Easy Way, or THE HARD WAY!!!

## 1: The Easy Way👌
  Just download the latest release with the exe file then run it!

## 2: THE HARD WAY!!!😲😨😱😡
  Step 1: If you don't have Python, please get it. It not only is a great programming language, and it is required for THE HARD WAY to work. You can download python [here](https://www.python.org/).

  Before you download the program you will need to install the python library "pandas" using a tool called pip, which comes with python. 

  ### For Windows:
  *pip install pandas*

  ### For Mac:
  *pip3 install pandas*

  ### For Linux:
  *sudo apt update && pip3 install pandas*

  This is the only library you will need. The inflation data is already added, so it does not need an internet data. This data goes back to the year 1800. I will update it to the each december.


  Downlaod the program from [here](https://github.com/BloYoMind/United-States-Inflation-Calculator/releases/tag/InflationCalculator).

**The Data  is from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. You can find all the data [here.](https://www.minneapolisfed.org/about-us/monetary-policy/inflation-calculator/consumer-price-index-1800-) The Data from 1800 to 1912 is an approximate from the reserve bank.**
